## Cloud Computing 


* Hosted services
* infrastructure Services
* Software Services
* Platforms Services

### Architecture of Cloud Computing
The architecture of cloud computing comprises of the following components −

* Front-end device
* Back-end platform
* Cloud-based delivery
* Network

### Types of Cloud (Deployment method)

* Public
* Private
* Hybrid

### Benefits of Cloud
There are many benefits of clouds. Some of them are listed below.

* Cloud service offers scalability. Allocation and de-allocation of resources is dynamically as per demand.

* It saves on cost by reducing capital infrastructure.

* It allows the user to access the application independent of their location and hardware configuration.

* It simplifies the network and lets the client access the application without buying license for individual machine.

* Storing data on clouds is more reliable as it is not lost easily.

### SPI
`S` stand for Software, `P` stands for Platform and `I` for Infrastructure in SPI

Following are the live examples of these models.

* SAAS Model − E-mail (Gmail, Yahoo, etc.)
* PAAS Model − Microsoft Azure
* IAAS Model − Amazon S3


### Azure as PaaS (Platform as a Service)
As the name suggests, a platform is provided to clients to develop and deploy software. The clients can focus on the application development rather than having to worry about hardware and infrastructure. It also takes care of most of the operating systems, servers and networking issues.

Pros
The overall cost is low as the resources are allocated on demand and servers are automatically updated.

It is less vulnerable as servers are automatically updated and being checked for all known security issues. The whole process is not visible to developer and thus does not pose a risk of data breach.

Since new versions of development tools are tested by the Azure team, it becomes easy for developers to move on to new tools. This also helps the developers to meet the customer’s demand by quickly adapting to new versions.



### Service & product services

* compute
* Storage
* Migration
* Database
* Analytics
* Networking
* Security, Identify
* Messaging
* Developer Tools
* Many more

### Azure Certification Levels
* Begining (MTA)
* Intermediate (MCSA)
* Advanced/Expert (MCSE)

* Developint Microsoft Azure Solution (70-532)
* Implementations Microsoft Azure Solution (70-533)
* Architecting Microsoft Azure Solution (70-534)