1. Products may be accessed using SEO friendly URLs like /my-product instead of /catalog/product/view/id/ {ID}

How is this one?

  A. An event observer adds RewriteRules to .htaccess on product save
  B. MagentoCatalogControllerProductView::loadByUrlKey loads product pages using the url_key attribute value
  C. Using a URL Rewrite stored in the database connecting the request path with the target path
  D. A plugin on MagentoUrlRewriteControllerRouter::match loads products by the url_key attribute
2. You are setting up a brand new Magento installation for a merchant who is migrating from Magento 1 to Magento 2.

Keeping in mind upgradability and the need to customize, which one do you choose?

  A. Create a new Magento instance using composer create-project
  B. Clone the magento/magento2GitHub repository
  C. Run php bin/magento setup:migrate <path-to-m1-installation> <new-version>command
  D. Create a new Magento instance by using the bin/magento installcommand
3. How many shipping addresses may be selected for an order during the checkout process?

  A. One shipping address per line item is possible
  B. Only one shipping address per order is possible
  C. One shipping addresses per unit of quantity is possible
  D. One shipping address per product type is possible
4. You have created a new section in system configuration under the Catalog tab:



How do you restrict an access to the section using Magento ACL?

A)



B)



C)



D)



5. A module you are working on needs to send a newsletter to all subscribed customers at predefined intervals.

Which two actions do you take to make sure the newsletter is sent? (Choose two.)

  A. Implement MyCompanyMyModuleCronNewsLetterSender::executeand register it in etc/crontab/di.xml
  B. Implement MyCompanyMyModuleCronNewsLetterSender::executeand register it in etc/crontab/.xml
  C. Make sure bin/magento cron:runis added to the system crontab
  D. Register the plugin for MagentoCustomerModelCustomer::authenticatein etc/crontab.xml
6. What is the connection between product attribute sets and categories?

  A. Categories have no connection to product attribute sets, and any product can be assigned to any category
  B. Each category is linked to a single product attribute set, and only products from that attribute set are allowed in the category
  C. Each category is linked to a single product attribute set, and only products from that category’s set or any of its parent categories’
  D. Categories can be connected to multiple product attribute sets, and only products from one of those sets are allowed in the category
7. How can you access the select query of a collection?

  A. You can only access the select query after the collection has been loaded by calling the public method query()
  B. It is stored in a protected variable $query and can only be accessed from the inside of a collection class
  C. You can get it by using public method getSelect() which returns an instance of MagentoFrameworkDB Select
  D. The select query is not available in the collection class, it will be generated by the MySQL adapter right before executing a query
8. You are developing a module MyCompany_StoreInfo to display information about brick and mortar stores on a frontend page. The displayed information varies based on the country of a given store.

What two elements automatically render their children? (Choose two.)

  A. <block class=”MagentoFrameworkViewElementAbstractBlock” name=”shop.info.details”/>
  B. <block class=”MagentoFrameworkViewElementTemplate” name=”shop.info.details”/>
  C. <container name=”shop.info.details”/>
  D. <block class=”MagentoFrameworkViewElementTextListText” name=”shop.info.details”/>
9. Assume that $collection is a new instance of a class that extends MagentoFrameworkModelResourceModelDbCollectionAbstractCollection, and $ids is an array of ids.

How do you select a list of records from the database where the record ids are in the $ids list?

  A. $collection->addFieldToFilter(‘record_id’,[‘in’=>$ids]);
  B.

  C. $collection->in($ids);
  D. $collection->filterIn($ids);
10. While reviewing a layout file named sales_order_view.xml you notice the element <update handle=”customer_account”/>

What is the purpose of this element?

  A. Replaces the customer_account handle with sales_order_view
  B. Nothing, this element has been deprecated
  C. Adds the customer_account handle to the page’s handles list
  D. Updates the current page handle to customer_account
11. You have to install a new module on the production environment. All the module is adding a new product attribute. You enabled maintenance mode, copied the module code, run bin/magento setup:upgradeand disabled maintenance mode.

What two risks does this process pose? (Choose two.)

  A. It will clean all caches which will cause a performance degradation
  B. The new attribute will be invisible on the storefront until the cache is cleaned manually
  C. It will void all active sessions
  D. It will clean static assets from the pub/staticfolder
12. Magento 2’s architecture uses code to bootstrap a custom module that resides in app/code.

What two files are required to make a module usable? (Choose two.)

  A. Helper/Data.php
  B. etc/config.xml
  C. etc/module.xml
  D. registration.php
13. How does Magento store customer address attribute values?

  A. Customer address is a flat entity, so all values are stored in the customer_address_entity table
  B. Customer address is not an entity, so its properties are customer attributes
  C. Customer address is an attribute of the customer, so it doesn’t have its own attributes
  D. Customer address is an EAV entity, so all values are stored in the customer_address_entity table and related values tables
14. You are developing a module and need to add another column to a table introduced by another module MyCompany_MyModulevia db schema.

How do you do that?

  A. Create a etc/db_schema.xml file in your module, add the column and run bin/magentosetup:upgrade
  B. Create a etc/db.xml file in your module, add the column and run bin/magento setup:db­schema:upgrade
  C. Run a command: bin/magento setup:db-schema:upgrade <table> <column definition>
  D. Create a etc/db_schema_whitelist.json file in your module, add the column and run bin/magento setup:upgrade
15. You need to add a new text attribute to all products in the Magento store. When this attribute is displayed on the product page, its values must be different depending on the selected language.

Keeping simplicity in mind, how do you add this attribute?

  A. Use the Magento CLI to create a new custom attribute, then generate dictionaries for all supported languages
  B. Use a Data Patch to create a new EAV attribute
  C. Add a new column to the catalog_product_entitytable using declarative schema
  D. Use the admin panel to create a new extension attribute
16. A third-party module uses a layout update that changes the template path for a core block from product/view/addto/compare.phtml of the Magento_Catalog module to custom/view/addto/compare.phtmlof your custom module. The merchant has a customized version of this template in their custom theme.

What is a consequence of this setup?

  A. If the custom module is removed, the custom template will no longer apply
  B. This setup will throw an IllegalStateException
  C. If a preference for the core block is set, the template will no longer apply
  D. If another module is installed which also customizes the same core template, the templates will be rendered sequentially
17. You are adding a child node to the product.info block using the XML:



How will this block be rendered?

  A. Child block nodes are automatically rendered as HTML
  B. By calling $block->getChildHtml(‘mynewblock’) in the parent block’s template
  C. The layout is invalid since block elements cannot be nested
  D. Automatically if the block class Custom implements the _toHtml method
18. You are implementing a before plugin in MyCompany_Magic. It will intercept the same method that MyCompany_Admissionis already intercepting using a before plugin: Topmenu::getBlockHtml

Which two actions are required to ensure the new plugin will execute last? (Choose two.)

  A. Include a sortOrder=”20” on the new plugin in MyCompany_Magic’s etc/di.xml file
  B. Configure plugin sequencing for both plugins in MyCompany_Magic’s etc/plugin_sequence.xmlfile
  C. Set a sortOrder=”10” for MyCompany_Admission’splugin in MyCompany_Magic’s etc/di.xml
  D. Add MyCompany_Admission as a dependency in MyCompany_Magic’s etc/module.xmlfile
19. In the module located at app/code/MyCompany/MyModulethere is a JS module in the file view/frontend/web/register.js. The Magento base URL is https://magento.host/and the luma theme with the en_US locate is used.

What is the public URL for this file?

  A. https://magento.host/pub/static/frontend//Magento/luma/en_US/MyCompany_MyModule/js/register.js
  B. https://magento.host/pub/static/frontend/Magento/luma/en_US/MyCompany_MyModule/register.js
  C. https://magento.host/pub/static/frontend/Magento/luma/en_US/MyCompany_MyModule/web/register.js
  D. https://magento.host/app/code/MyCompany_MyModule/view/frontend/web/register.js
20. During a code review of a module MyCompany_PaymentCurrencies you see a configuration field declared in the file etc/adminhtml/system.xml:



What is the consequence of the attribute showInStore being set to 0?

  A. The field value will not be accessible on the store front by calling ScopeConfigInterface::getValue() with a $scopeType argument of ‘store’.
  B. The input field will not be visible if a store view scope is selected in the system configuration
  C. The input field will only be visible if a website’s default store scope is selected in the system configuration
  D. The input field will be disabled if a store view scope is selected in the system configuration
21. You need to find all orders in the processing state. You have written the code:



How do you resolve the exception?

  A. Use dependency injection to load an instance of the SearchCriteria class
  B. Change the getList parameter to: $searchCriteraBuilder->addFilter(‘state’,’processing’)->create()
  C. Clear generated code to get a new version of SearchCriteriaBuilder
  D. Specify a preference in di.xml to map SearchCriteriaBuilder to SearchCriteriaInterface
22. A merchant tasked you to add an input field for notes to the Customer Account Information backend page.

Which three actions do you specify in a module’s Data Patch to add a customer notes attribute? (Choose three.)

  A. $cache->clean([‘eav’, ‘db_ddl’]);
  B. $customerSetup->addAttribute(‘customer’, ‘notes’, $options);
  C. $customerSetup->getConnection()->addColumn(‘customer_entity’, ‘notes’, $columnSpecs);
  D. $notesAttribute->setData(‘used_in_forms’, [‘adminhtml_customer’]);
  E. $customerSetup->addAttributeToSet(‘customer’, $attributeSetIdCustomer, $groupId, ‘notes’);
23. What will be the result of calling the save() method on a collection instance?

  A. It will save all items with one INSERT … ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE query
  B. It will loop over all items and call save () on each one
  C. It will save the select query execution result into the cache
  D. It will save the select query to the cache
24. How do you pass an array [‘one’, ‘two] as a parameter to you block using the layout XML arguments directive?



  A. Option A
  B. Option B
  C. Option C
  D. Option D
25. You are developing a new theme which inherits from the Magento_Luma theme.

How is this accomplished?

  A. Add Magento/luma to theme.xml
  B. Run the CLI command bin/magento dev:theme:inherit Magento_Luma
  C. Specify the parent theme in Magento admin > Design > Configuration
  D. Add Magento/luma to etc/view.xml
26. You are tasked to install an extension to the merchant’s Magento instance.

The extension is developed by the company called MyCompany and its codebase is available from all four locations listed below.

Which two installations options do you choose from to prevent version conflicts during upgrade? (Choose two.)

  A. Clone the code from GitHub and put it into the vendor directory
  B. Download the extension code from the developer’s website, and put it into app/code
  C. Use Magento web setup wizard to pull the code from Magento’s composer repository
  D. Use composer CLI to pull the code from MyCompany’s repository
27. A module MyModule needs to send notifications to customers only when the account was modified from a mobile app using the REST web APIs.

You decided to implement an observer for customer_save_after_data_object event.

In which file do you declare the observer?

  A. etc/webapi_rest/events.xml
  B. etc/adminhtml/events.xml
  C. etc/webapi/rest_events.xml
  D. etc/events.xml
28. The module MyCompany_MyModule will add a new page to the admin interface at the URL path admin/ mycompany/entity_grid.

How do you name the file containing the action controller class so the admin router matches the path to the class?

  A. Controller/Adminhtml/Entity/Grid/Index.php
  B. Controller/Adminhtml/Mycompany/Entity/Grid.php
  C. Controller/Adminhtml/Entity/Grid.php
  D. Controller/Adminhtml/Mycompany/Entity_Grid.php
29. MagentoSalesModelApiOrderRepositoryInterface::getList accepts a SearchCriteriaInterface to filter and sort information.

What class assists in creating an instance for SearchCriteriaInterface?

  A. MagentoFrameworkApiSearchCriteriaFactory
  B. MagentoFrameworkApiSearchCriteriaBuilder
  C. MagentoSalesModelOrderSearchCriteria
  D. MagentoBackendApiSearchCriteriaGenerator
30. Which method of a Magento resource model will remove a record from the database?

  A. remove
  B. erase
  C. clean
  D. delete
31. In a code review of a merchant’s site you have discovered that there are multiple observers for the checkout_submit_all_after event. After closer inspection, you notice one of these observers is relying on the others being executed before it is called.

What risk does this pose, and how can it be mitigated?

  A. There is no risk posed as long as each event observer specifies a correct sortOrder. Nothing needs to be changed.
  B. Event observers are fired in alphabetical order of the observer name. There is no risk here.
  C. Magento only supports one observer per event. These observers will need to be combined into a single point of customization.
  D. Order of listener execution cannot be guaranteed, resulting in a fragile implementation. This code should be re-worked using plugins
32. You have created a module controller that responds to the following URL: /mycompany/product/load/

id/123.

Which two methods will load the product model by ID as specified in the URL? (Choose two.)

  A. MagentoCatalogModelResourceModelProduct::load($productModel, $id)
  B. MagentoCatalogModelResourceModelProductCollection::load()->fetchById($id)
  C. MagentoCatalogModelResourceModelProductCollection::fetchItemById($id)
  D. MagentoCatalogApiProductRepositoryInterface::getById($id)
33. What scopes are available for customer attributes?

  A. Global only
  B. Website only
  C. Global and Website
  D. Global, Website and Store
34. What is a valid use case for an aroundplugin?

  A. The execution of the pluginized method must be suppressed
  B. The arguments of the before plugins must be modified
  C. The arguments of the after plugins must be modified
  D. The execution of the beforeand after plugins must be suppressed
35. Your module, MyCompany_MyModule, is using the frontName mymodule. You need to locate the class responsible for the frontend path /mymodule/custom.

What file contains the controller class for the frontend path /mymodule/custom?

  A. Controller/Custom/Index.php
  B. Controller/Custom.php
  C. Controller/MyModule/Custom/Index.php
  D. Controller/Frontend/MyModule/Custom.php
36. You are adding a new menu item to the admin backend which will link to a custom backend page.

The declaration of the route:



What do you specify as the menu item action attribute value so it links to /admin/mycompany/mymodule/?

  A. action=”adminhtml/mycompany/mymodule/”
  B. action=”admin/mycompany/mymodule/”
  C. It is not possible without extending the adminhtml route in routes.xml
  D. action=”mycompany/mymodule/”
37. You added a plugin declaration to MyCompany/MyModule/etc/di.xml:



What will be the effect of this declaration?

  A. An exception because plugins must not be applied to the interfaces
  B. An exception because of the syntax error in the declaration
  C. The plugin will be ignored because ActionInterface will never be instantiated directly
  D. The plugin will be applied to all implementors of the ActionInterface
38. You have created a custom module which must perform an action immediately after an order is placed, but only on the store front of the merchant site. You have selected the checkout_submit_all_after as the target event which the module will observe.

In which file will the event observer be declared?

  A. etc/frontend.xml
  B. etc/events.xml
  C. etc/config.xml
  D. etc/frontend/events.xml
39. You are working on a jewelry store that sells rings. Each ring allows an adjustment in size. The customer specifies finger size in inches and the merchant physically adjusts the stocked ring to the required size.

How is this represented in Magento?

  A. Using custom options, with rings as simple products
  B. Using categories, with each ring size as a separate product
  C. Using configurable products, with ring size as an attributive value
  D. Using custom options, with rings as bundle products
40. You have created a module with a custom ACL resource and want to restrict access to resources of your module.

Which three items are restricted based on ACL role permissions? (Choose three.)

  A. CLI Commands
  B. Webapi resources
  C. Storefront login
  D. System configuration sections
  E. Adminhtml controllers
41. A merchant is interested in setting different prices for the same products in different storescopes.

What do you reply to this inquiry?

  A. The prices can only be scoped per website or globally
  B. The prices can be scoped per store
  C. The price scope can be set to storebut this will lead to performance degradation of category pages
  D. The prices do not support scop